Fixes #1509 short-circuit of installing packages when already installed (#1510)
pypa/pipx: changelog.d/1509.bugfix.md

> Installs multiple packages regardless if one or more already installed.

Reviewer: This should be more descriptive.

```suggestion
Fix installation abortion on multiple packages when one or more are already installed.
```
